Rules of the Card Game:

1.  This game comprises of four players, three bots and yourself. 
    Each player is dealt with 13 cards from a deck of 52 playing cards. 

2.  The game involves thirteen rounds which themselves contain four turns. One turn involves the player placing a card from his hand.

3.  The first turn of the first round will be alloted randomly to one of the four players. 

4.  The person who places the first card of a turn can place any card of any suit without any restriction. 
    The remaining three players have to place cards according to the suit of the placed card. 
    For example- If Bot A places a card of Hearts suit, then all three players must place cards either of Hearts or of Trump suit.

5.  For simplicity, the Trump suit is pre-decided to be 'Spades' suit. The special condition to use trump cards is only if the 
    player doesn't have cards from the same suit as the ones placed in front of him or if he opens a random down-facing card.

6.  The objective of each player after the first card is put, is to place a higher card of the same suit 
    or of the Trump suit(Only in the special condition).

7.  The player who places the card with the most value wins the round and gains the right to place the first card in the next round.

8.  In case of two or more players using Trump cards, the one with the higher value wins.

9.  Order of hierachy amongst the cards is as follows, Ace > King > Queen > Jack > 10 > 9... > 3 > 2. 

10. Ace is 14, King is 13, Queen is 12, Jack is 11. The format of card input:  H_4 for 4 of Hearts, D_13 for King of Diamonds.

11. Players have to place a card in their turn hence if one doesn't have a card from the playing suit 
    or Trump suit then he/she must place a card from a random suit (This card has no value).

12. The game will be played for 13 rounds, after which the player with most wins in individual rounds is declared as the winner.

 Play the game few times to understand the rules and bots behaviour to find optimal ways to win. Have fun!!